doc/index.rst, before:

.. FullMetalUpdate documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu May 27 11:11:14 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. Logo_FMU:
.. figure:: ./images/fmu_logo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: logo

FullMetalUpdate is a Python application that handles update for the System on which it is running.

Get started  with the documentation `here <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/docs/documentation/>`_.

Introduction
=============

TODO

Architecture
=============

SOON

FMU Client API
=================
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :glob:

   ./src/classes.rst
   ./src/fullmetalupdate.rst

Technical documentation
==========================
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :glob:

   ./src/add-targets-to-hawkbit.md

Contribute
==============
Please see `directives <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/docs/contribute/>`_ on how to contribute here.

Contact us
===========
* Want to chat with the team behind the dockerfiles for FMU? `Chat room <https://gitter.im/fullmetalupdate/community>`_.
* Having issues with FullMetalUpdate? Open a `GitHub issue <https://github.com/FullMetalUpdate/fullmetalupdate/issues>`_.
* You can also check out our `Project Homepage <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/>`_ for further contact options.

Commit message:

Last update of the Sphinx Documentation

doc/index.rst, after:

.. FullMetalUpdate documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu May 27 11:11:14 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. Logo_FMU:
.. figure:: ./images/fmu_logo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: logo

FullMetalUpdate is a Python application that handles update for the System on which it is running.

Get started  with your own board on `FullMetalUpdate Official Tutorial <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/docs/documentation/>`_.

Architecture
=============

SOON

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :glob:

FMU Client API
=================
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :glob:

   ./src/classes.rst
   ./src/fullmetalupdate.rst

Technical documentation
==========================
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :glob:

   ./src/bootup.md
   ./src/add-targets-to-hawkbit.md

| See the `Rollback Feature <https://github.com/v-bertin/documentation/blob/master/rollback.md>`_ documentation on Github.
| See `Benchmark on FullMetalUpdate <https://github.com/FullMetalUpdate/documentation/blob/master/benchmark.md>`_ on Github.

More documentation incoming on `FullMetalUpdate Documentation <https://github.com/FullMetalUpdate/documentation>`_ Github.

Contribute
==============
| Please see `FullMetalUpdate <https://github.com/FullMetalUpdate/fullmetalupdate>`_ Github.
| Please see our `directives <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/docs/contribute/>`_ on how to contribute.

Contact us
===========
* Want to chat with the team behind the dockerfiles for FMU? `Chat room <https://gitter.im/fullmetalupdate/community>`_.
* Having issues with FullMetalUpdate? Open a `GitHub issue <https://github.com/FullMetalUpdate/fullmetalupdate/issues>`_.
* You can also check out our `Project Homepage <https://www.fullmetalupdate.io/>`_ for further contact options.
